[Bug] Maltiverse returns error when file command has no proccess_list (#14517)
demisto/content: Packs/Maltiverse/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### Maltiverse

> - Fixed an issue where the **file** command failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **file** command would fail when some fields were missing from the data returned by Multiverse.
```
